Add IST0137 analyzer docs (#9239)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0137/index.md

---
title: DeploymentConflictingPorts
layout: analysis-message
owner: istio/wg-user-experience-maintainers
test: n/a
---

> This message occurs when two services selecting the same workload with same `targetPort` but different ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This message occurs when two services select the same workload with the same `targetPort` but different `port`s.
```

I'm not sure how `port``s` work, but it makes sense to highlight the field the same as `targetPort`.

Reviewer: The remaining grammar changes are missing.

## An example

Consider an Istio mesh with the following services:

{{< text yaml >}}
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: nginx-a
spec:
  ports:
    - port: 8080
      protocol: TCP
      targetPort: 80
  selector:
    app: nginx
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: nginx-b
spec:
  ports:
    - port: 80
      protocol: TCP
      targetPort: 80
  selector:
    app: nginx
{{< /text >}}

> In this example, service `nginx-a` and service `nginx-b` selecting the same workload `nginx` with same `targetPort` but different ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, service `nginx-a` and service `nginx-b` select the same workload `nginx` with the same `targetPort` but different `port`s.
```

## How to resolve

> This must be fixed one of two ways. Make both services use the same `port`, or make both services use different `targetPorts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may be fixed in one of two ways. Make both services use the same `port`, or make both services use different `targetPorts`.
```

> Selecting the former option will require reconfiguring the clients of one of the services to connect to a different port. Selecting the latter option will require configuring the workload pods of one of the services to listen on the same target port as the other service.

Reviewer: Or maybe this can be written something like:

This may be fixed in one of two ways.

1. Make both services use the same `port`. This will require reconfiguring the clients of one of the services to connect to a different port.
1. Make both services use different `targetPorts`. This will require configuring the workload pods of one of the services to listen on the same target port as the other service.

---
title: DeploymentConflictingPorts
layout: analysis-message
owner: istio/wg-user-experience-maintainers
test: n/a
---

> This message occurs when two services selecting the same workload with same `targetPort` but different `port`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This message occurs when two services select the same workload with the same `targetPort` but different `port`s.
```
